hey everybody so this is a tutorial for
the makeup Kelly Clarkson was wearing
and her newest music video called mr.
know-it-all and I write when I saw this
video I was like I have to do this
tutorial because it looks like she was
wearing all colors from The Naked
palette so before you run away because
you're either tired of hearing about the
Naked palette or you don't have it or
whatever you basically just need like a
gold black and a brown and you're good
to go so you don't need this to do the
look that I'm about to do they just
happen to all be in here okay so I'm
first gonna take my Urban Decay primer
potion and sin and this is just like a
shimmery bronzy base and it's gonna make
a really awesome base for the gold
eyeshadow and you don't need that
eyeshadow primer you can also just use a
regular eyeshadow primer and then maybe
a NYX jumbo pencil this one's in pure
gold I'm just putting sin all over my
lid
I'm taking half baked which is just gold
and on a large shader brush I'm gonna
place this all over my lid
then also from The Naked palette and
taking creep looks taking creep and it's
just a black and I'm using a pencil
brush with that now you want to start
about here and you want to make a line
going upwards kind of like eyeliner
and once you get up to the crease you
just want to bring it in just a little
bit
also gonna feather in
the ledges
basic shape I'm gonna take it which is
just sort of really light brown and I'm
just going to kind of blend the crease a
little bit and bring another block into
also to fade it in and by doing that you
lose a little bit of the intensity of
the black so I'm just going to go back
in with the black again darken it up
now for the lower lashline I'm just
going to take just the regular urban
decay
okay so in the music video it kind of
looks like they use a dark brown under
her lashline with some gold so I'm just
gonna take my shader brush and buck
which is like a medium brown I'm just
going to smudge this like halfway and
I'm going to take half baked again
that's that gold color
kind of complete
also in the video I kind of look like
Kelly had a little bit of a shimmer to
her high life so I'm going to take
merjan
after eyeliner it definitely looks like
Kelly mind for entire rim so I'm gonna
do that and this is Revlon's Colorstay
eyeliner
that's it for eyeliner so I'm just going
to apply mascara and I'll be right back
so here's the completed I look with
mascara I used L'Oreal boos L'Oreal
voluminous carbon black and Maybelline
falsies mascara
yeah that's the eyes so I hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial and I'll see you
next time bye
well beyond like failblog like these
people are going to take a raise their
house